Eh.
anglo
b ys g 2 le
wd
tan tan
anfieldroad
tl
wd da ne
voodoo
7 minutes
ann
This will be the foundation of the installation stay
This I feel that I have placed on playing this is the frame
Is something like f Te at the National Concern because it is understood that the form and the motor
Facing forward
Since the inner fender to devote to the rib portion of the inner fender went hit
this
But I will stick properly as it applies to this
After 10 u 2-
Holly way of example only over Gar interest rate
I'm going to go high school and try to drill holes
You ok
9 things
Place your other already opened a little hole listening or Kirikirikiri has trained water hand it here
I will go
ana
me
Perfect it something like this
Go open
It's only stupid to say that this is the Bower Stay
Mahoraba is for fixing horror l and r
Let's put so as not to make a mistake you at're divided into
I am addicted to the feeling
Do not become completely closed not tighten like this I now still that child
I think let's adjusted at the time arrived this muffler something after
It has been put in barely thoughts
I feel like this
Is cool
Here everyone
I'm here in the isolated state Hen done burn
Was standing I ask them say so because I was the sea that is in this double
I'm not writing this
I will see you come and see, so I 'll put it together
I installed it
Like this
Super cool
Cool
Well, the sound is better
Hmm
Hmmm
can you do